                                                   $Date: 1996/03/20 09:23:59 $

This list contains items that we plan to implement in libwww-perl5.
The order of items does not reflect priority.


  o  Add more HTTP/1.1 features:
       Transfer-Encoding: chunked
       Connection: Keep-Alive
       Wait 5 sec before sending content in requests
       Content-Range

  o  Make multiple simultaneous requests work.  Make the callback
     request interface event driven.  This will require a major
     restructuring of the protocol modules.  They will all have to be
     rewritten as state machines and all control passed to a
     event-loop with file callbacks.  Don't expect to see this real
     soon.

  o  Provide initial credentials so that we don't always have to get a
     RC_UNAUTHORIZED response first.  Both for Basic and Digest
     authentication.

  o  Allow information callback from protocol modules so that the UI can
     inform the user of what is going on.  A good start is to pass the $ua
     reference on to the protocol->request().

  o  Ensure that $ua->request() never dies when use_eval() is true.

  o  Cache previous ftp connections.

  o  Support MOVE, DELETE method for ftp.

  o  Support If-Modified-Since for ftp.

  o  Make file://non-localhost invoke the ftp.pm module.

  o  Use Mail::Send to implement LWP::Protocol::mailto.  Today we just
     invoke sendmail directly, which is not very portable.

  o  Investigate the Net::SSL module and implement support for https.

  o  Make the HTML parser more correct: for instance <tag attr="val>ue">
     and things like that.

  o  Make the HTML parser much faster.  Perhaps we need to reimplement it
     as C code.

  o  Make traverse kind of callbacks during parsing (this should allow
     us to do formatting as data arrives).

  o  Make HTML parser warnings optional.

  o  The HTML::Parse module should make meta information (<HEAD>) easier to
     access.  The interface should allow us to stop parsing as soon as the
     <HEAD> section is done.

  o  Parse HTML 3.0 markup.

  o  The HTML::Element->asHTML() method breaks lines inside tags.  It does
     not always look very nice.

  o  Formatters should support tables.  The postscript formatter should
     inline images.

  o  The lwp-request -o processing should check for Content-Encoding as
     well as Content-Type.

  o  The request script should optionally consult Mail::Cap for handling of
     media types.

  o  The request script should use the callback interface so that it prints
     data as it is received.

  o  The mirror script should be able to work recursively.

  o  Make handcoded autoloading work on systems where the directory
     separator is not "/".

  o  Include more useful programs

  o  Implement a fabulous graphical UA based on Tk !!!!  HotPerl :-)

  o  More documentation

  o  More tests

Finally, fix bugs, if there are any...
